{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Eggs \{   \par
    int doX(Long x, Long y) \{ return 1;\}\par
    int doX(long... x) \{ return 2;\}\par
    int doX(Integer x, Integer y) \{ return 3; \}\par
    int doX(Number n, Number m) \{ return 4; \}\par
   \par
    public static void main(String[ ] args) \{\par
        new Eggs().go();\par
    \}\par
 \par
    void go() \{\par
        short s = 7;\par
        System.out.println(doX(s,s) + " ");\par
        System.out.println(doX(7,7));\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    1  1\par
B.    2  1\par
C.    3  1\par
D.    4  1\par
E.    2  3\par
F.    3  3\par
\cf1 G.    4  3\par
\cf0  \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Mixer \{   \par
    Mixer() \{ \}\par
    Mixer(Mixer m) \{ m1 = m; \}\par
    Mixer m1;\par
    public static void main(String[ ] args) \{\par
        Mixer m2 = new Mixer();\par
        Mixer m3 = new Mixer(m2);\par
        m3.go();\par
        Mixer m4 = m3.m1;\par
        m4.go();\par
        Mixer m5 = m2.m1;\par
        m5.go();\par
    \}\par
    void go() \{\par
        System.out.println("hi ");\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    hi\par
B.    hi hi\par
C.    hi hi hi\par
D.    Compilation fails\par
E.    hi, followed by an exception\par
\cf1\b F.    hi hi, followed by an exception\par
\cf0\b0  \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Alien \{\par
    String invade(short ships) \{\par
        return " a few";\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
class Defender \{   \par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        System.out.println(new Alien().invade(7));\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    many\par
B.    a few\par
\cf1\b C.    Compilation fails\par
\cf0\b0 D.    The output is not predictable\par
E.    An exception is thrown at runtime\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Fizz \{\par
    int x = 5;\par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        final Fizz f1 = new Fizz();\par
        Fizz f2 = new Fizz();\par
        Fizz f3 = FizzSwitch(f1, f2);\par
        System.out.println((f1 == f3) + " " + (f1.x == f3.x));\par
    \}\par
    static Fizz FizzSwitch(Fizz x, Fizz y) \{\par
        final Fizz z = x;\par
        z.x = 6;\par
        return z;\par
    \}\par
\}\par
\cf1\b  \par
A.    true true\par
\cf0\b0 B.    false true\par
C.    true false\par
D.    false false\par
E.    Compilation fails.\par
F.    An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Knowing \{   \par
    static final long tooth = 343L;\par
    static long doIt(long tooth) \{\par
        System.out.print(++tooth + " ");\par
        return ++tooth;\par
    \}   \par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        System.out.print(tooth + " ");\par
        final long tooth = 340L;\par
        new Knowing().doIt(tooth);\par
        System.out.println(tooth);\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    343  340  340\par
B.    343  340  342\par
C.    343  341  342\par
\cf1\b D.    343  341  340\par
\cf0\b0 E.    343  341  343\par
F.    Compilation fails.\par
G.    An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Bird \{   \par
    \{ System.out.print("b1 "); \}\par
   \par
    public Bird() \{\par
        System.out.print("b2 ");\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
class Raptor extends Bird \{\par
    static \{ System.out.print("r1 "); \}\par
   \par
    public Raptor() \{\par
        System.out.print("r2 ");\par
    \}\par
   \par
    \{ System.out.print("r3 "); \}\par
   \par
    static \{ System.out.print("r4 "); \}\par
\}\par
 \par
class Hawk extends Raptor \{\par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        System.out.print("pre ");\par
        new Hawk();\par
        System.out.println("hawk ");\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    pre b1 b2 r3 r2 hawk\par
B.    pre b2 b1 r2 r3 hawk\par
C.    pre b2 b1 r2 r3 hawk r1 r4\par
\cf1\b D.    r1 r4 pre b1 b2 r3 r2 hawk\par
\cf0\b0 E.    r1 r4 pre b2 b1 r2 r3 hawk\par
F.    pre r1 r4 b1 b2 r3 r2 hawk\par
G.    pre r1 r4 b2 b1 r2 r3 hawk\par
H.    The order of output cannot be predicted.\par
I.     Compilation fails.\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Which is true? (Choose all that apply.)\par
A.    \ldblquote X extends Y\rdblquote  is correct if and only if X is a class and Y is an interface.\par
B.    \ldblquote X extends Y\rdblquote  is correct if and only if X is an interface and Y is a class.\cf1\b\par
C.    \ldblquote X extends Y\rdblquote  is correct if X and Y are either both classes or both interfaces.\par
\cf0\b0 D.    \ldblquote X extends Y\rdblquote  is correct for all combinations of X and Y being classes and/or interfaces.\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Top \{\par
    public Top(String s) \{\par
        System.out.println("B");\par
    \}\par
   \par
    public class Bottom2 extends Top \{\par
        public Bootom2(String s) \{\par
            System.out.println("D");\par
        \}\par
        public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
            new Bottom2("C");\par
            System.out.println(" ");\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
A.    BD\par
B.    DB\par
C.    BDC\par
D.    DBC\par
\cf1\b E.    Compilation fails.\par
\cf0\b0 Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Clidders \{\par
    public final void flipper() \{\par
        System.out.println("Clidder");\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
public class Clidlets  extends Clidders \{\par
    public void flipper() \{\par
        System.out.println("Flip a Clidlet");\par
        super.flipper();\par
    \}   \par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        new Clidlets().flipper();\par
    \}   \par
\}\par
 \par
A.    Flip a Clidlet\par
B.    Flip  a Clidder\par
C.    Flip a Clidder\par
Flip a Clidlet\par
D.    Flip a Clidlet\par
Flip a Clidder\par
\cf1\b E.    Compilation fails.\par
\cf0\b0  \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given, the following program:\par
1. class Programmer \{\par
2.     Programmer debug() \{ return this; \}   \par
3. \}\par
4. class SCJP extends Programmer \{\par
5.     // insert code here\par
6.\}\par
 \par
Which method at line 5, will compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
A.    Programmer debug() \{ return this; \}\par
B.    SCJP debug()  \{ return this; \}\par
C.    Object debug() \{ return this; \}\par
\cf1\b D.    int debug() \{ return 1; \}\par
\cf0\b0 E.    int debug(int x) \{ return 1; \}\par
F.    Object debug(int x) \{ return this; \}\par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Clidder \{\par
    private final void flipper() \{\par
        System.out.println("Clidder");\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
public class Clidlet  extends Clidder \{\par
    public final void flipper() \{\par
        System.out.println("Clidlet");\par
    \}\par
    public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
        new Clidlet().flipper();\par
    \}   \par
\}\par
 \par
\cf1\b A.    Clidlet\par
\cf0\b0 B.    Clidder\par
C.    Clidder\par
Clidlet\par
D.    Clidlet\par
Clidder\par
E.    Compilation fails.\par
Problem Statement:\par
Given the following:\par
  i.     interface Base \{\par
ii.         boolean m1 ();\par
iii.         byte m2(short s);\par
iv.     \}\par
 \par
Which code fragments will compile? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 \par
a)  interface Base2 implements Base \{ \}\par
\cf1\b b)  abstract class Class2 extends Base \{\par
\cf0\b0 c)  public boolean m1 ()  \{ return true; \}  \}\par
d)  abstract class Class2 implements Base \{ \}\par
e)  abstract class Class2 implements Base \{\par
f)  public boolean m1 () \{ return (true); \}  \}\par
g)  class Class2 implements Base \{\par
h)  boolean m1 () \{ return false; \}\par
i)  byte m2 (short s) \{ return 42; \} \}\par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Which of the following declare a compatible abstract class? (Choose all that apply.)\par
 \par
a)  public abstract class Canine \{ public Bark speak(); \}\par
\cf1\b b)  public abstract class Canine \{ public Bark speak() \{ \} \}\par
\cf0\b0 c)  public class Canine \{ public abstract Bark speak(); \}\par
d)  public class Canine abstract \{ public abstract Bark speak(); \}\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
public abstract interface Frobnicate \{ public void twiddle(String s); \}\par
 \par
Which is a correct class?\par
 \par
a)  public abstract void twiddle(String s) \{ \}\par
\}\par
\cf1\b b)  public abstract class Frob implements Frobnicate \{ \}\par
\cf0\b0 c)  public class Frob extends Frobnicate \{\par
d)              public void twiddle(Integer i) \{ \}\par
\}\par
e)  public class Frob implements Frobnicate \{\par
f)             public void twiddle(Integer i) \{ \}\par
\}\par
g)  public class Frob implements Frobnicate \{\par
h)             public void twiddle(String i) \{ \}\par
i)             public void twiddle(Integer s) \{ \}\par
 \par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Which statement()s) are true? ()Choose all that apply.)\par
A.    HAS-A relationships always rely on inheritance.\par
\cf1\b B.    HAS-A relationships always rely on instance variables.\par
\cf0\b0 C.    HAS-A relationships always require at least two class types.\par
D.    HAS-A relationships always rely on polymorphism.\par
E.    HAS-A relationships are always tightly coupled.\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
1. class Plant \{\par
2.     String getName() ) \{ return \ldblquote plant\rdblquote ; \}\par
3.     Plant getType() ) \{ return this; \}\par
4. \}\par
5. class Flower extends Plant \{\par
6.     // insert code here\par
7. \}\par
8. class Tulip extends Flower \{ \}\par
 \par
Which statement()s), inserted at line 6, will compile? ()Choose all that apply.)\par
A.    Flower getType() ) \{ return this; \}\par
B.    String getType() ) \{ return \ldblquote this\rdblquote ; \}\par
\cf1 C.    Plant getType() ) \{ return this; \}\par
\cf0 D.   Tulip getType() ) \{ return new Tulip() ); \}\par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
1.      class Zing \{\par
2.      protected Hmpf h;\par
3. \}\par
4. class Woop extends Zing \{  \}\par
5. class Hmpf \{ \}\par
 \par
Which is true?\par
A.     Woop IS-A Hmpf and HAS-A zing.\par
B.     Zing IS-A Woop and HAS-A Hmpf.\par
C.     Hmpf HAS-A Woop and Woop IS-A Zing.\par
\cf1\b D.    Woop HAS-A Hmpf and Woop IS-A Zing.\par
\cf0\b0 E.     Zing HAS-A Hmpf and Zing IS-A Woop.\par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
            public class MyOuter \{\par
         public static class MyInner \{\par
                    public static void foo() ) \{ \}\par
                \}\par
           \}\par
Which, if placed in a class other than MyOuter or MyInner, instantiates an instance of the nested class?\par
\cf1\b A.    MyOuter.MyInner m = new MyOuter.MyInner() );\par
\cf0\b0 B.    MyOuter.MyInner m2 = new MyInner() );\par
C.    MyOuter m = new MyOuter() );\par
MyOuter.MyInner mi = m.new MyOuter.MyInner() );\par
D.    MyInner mi = new MyOuter.MyInner() );\par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
public abstract class AbstractTest \{\par
   \par
    public int getNum()) \{\par
        return 45;\par
    \}\par
    public abstract class Bar \{\par
        public int getNum()) \{\par
            return 38;\par
        \}\par
    \}\par
    public static void main()String[] args) \{\par
        AbstractTest t = new AbstractTest()) \{\par
            public int getNum()) \{\par
                return 22;\par
            \}\par
        \};\par
        AbstractTest.Bar f = t.new Bar()) \{\par
            public int getNum()) \{\par
                return 57;\par
            \}\par
        \};\par
        System.out.println()f.getNum()) + " " + t.getNum()));\par
    \}\par
\}\par
 \par
\cf1\b A.    57  22\par
\cf0\b0 B.    45  38\par
C.    45  57\par
D.    An exception occurs at runtime.\par
E.    Compilation fails.\par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
class Input \{\par
     public static void main(String[ ] args) \{\par
          String s = \ldblquote -\rdblquote ;\par
          try \{\par
               doMath(args[0]);\par
               s += \ldblquote t \rdblquote ;      // line 6\par
          \}\par
          finally \{\par
               System.out.println(s += \ldblquote f \rdblquote );\par
          \}\par
     \}\par
     public static void doMath(String a) \{\par
          int y = 7 / Integer.parseInt(a);\par
     \}\par
\}\par
 \par
And the command-line invocations:\par
java Input\par
java Input 0\par
 \par
Which are true? (Choose all that apply.)             \par
\cf1\b a)       Line 6 is executed exactly 0 times\par
\cf0\b0 b)      Line 6 is executed exactly 1 time.\par
c)       Line 6 is executed exactly 2 times.\par
d)      The finally block is executed exactly 0 times.\par
e)       The finally block is executed exactly 1 time.\par
\cf1\b f)        The finally block is executed exactly 2 times.\par
\cf0\b0 g)       Both invocations produce the same exceptions.\par
\cf1\b h)      Each invocation produces a different exception.\par
\cf0\b0  \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
Given:\par
try \{\par
     int x = Integer.parseInt(\ldblquote two\rdblquote );\par
\}\par
 \par
Which could be used to create an appropriate catch block? (Choose all that apply.)\par
a)  ClassCastException  \par
b)  IllegalStateException\par
\cf1\b c)  NumberFormatException\par
d)  IllegalArgumentException\par
\cf0\b0 e)  ExceptionInitializerError\par
f)  ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException\par
 \par
 \par
Problem Statement:\par
What is the output of the following program?\par
 \par
class Emu \{\par
 \par
     static String s = "-";\par
     public static void main(String[ ] args) \{\par
          try \{\par
               throw new Exception();\par
          \} catch (Exception e) \{\par
               try \{\par
                    try \{\par
                         throw new Exception();\par
                    \} catch (Exception ex) \{\par
                         s += "ic";\par
                    \}\par
                         throw new Exception();\par
                    \} catch (Exception x) \{\par
                         s += "mc ";\par
                    \} finally \{\par
                         s += "mf ";\par
               \}\par
          \} finally \{\par
               s += "of ";\par
          \}\par
          System.out.println(s);\par
     \}\par
\}\par
 \par
a)  \f1\endash ic    of\par
b)  \endash mf   of\par
c)  \endash mc  mf\par
d)  \endash ic    mf    of\par
\cf1\b e)  \endash ic    mc   mf    of\par
\cf0\b0 f)  \endash ic    mc   of     mf\f0\par
}
 